## Overview

Thank you for using Tencent Cloud Game Multimedia Engine (GME) SDK. To make it easier for developers to debug and integrate the APIs for GME, this document provides some FAQ on using the SDK. More FAQ will be provided on an ongoing basis.

### What specific functions does GME offer?
GME supports voice chat, offline voice messaging and speech-to-text.


### What are the applicable gaming scenarios of GME?
E-sports, commander games, casual games, Werewolf and much more.


### What game engines and OS does GME support?
Supported game engines: Unity, Unreal and Cocos2d; OS: Windows, Mac, iOS and Android.


### How to get started with GME?
In order to help you effectively use GME, the [Access Guide](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/607/10782) can guide you through how to initially access GME.

### Does the .so library on Android support ARMv8?
It is not supported currently but will be supported in future versions.


### How to ensure the security of authentication?
Generally, it is recommended to use the client deployment scheme in the initial stage, which can be optimized to be deployed in the gaming app's backend.

| Scheme | Advantages | Disadvantages |
| ---------- | -------- | ---------------- |
| Backend deployment | High security | Backend development and joint testing required |
| Client deployment | Fast access | Low security |


### How long is the validity of the authentication generated by the client?
It is valid permanently.

### In the process of accessing Voice Chat and Offline Voice, an error code prompts that authentication failed. How to fix this error?
Please check whether the Offline Voice service is turned on in the console. If yes, check the following:
- sdkappid matches that in the console.
- OpenID must be greater than 10000.
- 0 must be entered for the parameter for offline voice room number.
- The key from the Tencent Cloud Console is correct.

### Can GME on Android and GME on iOS be interconnected?
Yes, they can be interconnected by entering the same room using the same SDKAppid.


### Does GME support Bluetooth switching on mobile phones? After connecting with a Bluetooth device, can the voice played back automatically by the Bluetooth device?
The switching of sound playback is at the OS level. GME supports playback by Bluetooth devices.

### What are the billing methods for GME Voice Chat? How to choose?
The Voice Chat service can be billed by voice DAU or use duration. For detailed prices, please see [Purchase Guide](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/607/17808).

### How is the DAU calculated for GME Voice Chat?
A user who enters the room in the application is counted as a voice DAU, and the total number of voice DAUs is calculated based on the deduplicated UserIds (UserId is a unique identifier of the user in the application, and one user corresponds to one UserId).


### When will GME Voice Chat's duration of voice use be calculated?
Duration of voice use is calculated based on the time a user enters and exits the room.


### What are the billing methods for GME's voice messaging and speech-to-text service? How to choose?
Voice messaging and speech-to-text service is billed by voice messaging DAUs. For detailed prices, please see [Purchase Guide](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/607/17808).


### How is the DAU calculated for GME's voice messaging and speed-to-text service?
A user who sends a voice message in the application is counted as a voice messaging DAU, and the total number of voice messaging DAUs is calculated based on the deduplicated UserIds (UserId is a unique identifier of the user in the application, and one user corresponds to one UserId).






### Where can the GME Demo and SDK be downloaded?

Please go to the [Download Guide](https://intl.cloud.tencent.com/document/product/607/18521). Currently, there are demos for Unity, Cocos2D, Android native development and iOS native development.

### Can the account in the downloaded GME Demo be changed to my own account?
- Yes, you need to get the sdkappid and permission key.
- To use your own appid, you need to modify the Key of Voice Chat in GetAuthBuffer in AVChatViewController.

### An error occurred when using the Demo: errinfo=priv map info error. How to fix this error?
There is an error in the relevant room entering parameters. Please check whether the sdkappid and permission key have been replaced.



### How to get logs?
QAVSDK_date.log is the log file. The directory is as follows:

| OS | Path |
| ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Windows | %appdata%\Tencent\GME\ProcessName                            |
| iOS     | Application/xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx/Documents   |
| Android | /sdcard/Android/data/xxx.xxx.xxx/files                       |
| Mac     | /Users/username/Library/Containers/xxx.xxx.xxx/Data/Documents |

### What are the main reasons for sound lagging?
- **Poor sound source:** For example, the host uses an external device to play music and collects the sound using a mobile phone for audio broadcasting (lag is inevitable in this case, and it is recommended that the host use a headphone).
- **Poor network connection:** The audience will hear lagged sound if the uplink packet loss rate is too high or the uplink latency fluctuates greatly.



### What gaming scenarios does the Voice Chat service support?
There are mainly three types of applicable scenarios:
- **Broadcasting-in-sequence mode:** This mode allows players to join broadcasting in turn with high and fluent sound quality, which is suitable for voice chat-enabled games such as Werewolf.
- **Multi-person video mode:** This mode allows multiple players to speak at the same time with ultra low latency, which is suitable for competitive games such as multi-player team chat.
- **Commanding mode:** This mode is suitable for commander games such as one-to-many command battles and audio interaction with VJ.


### How do I choose the audio type that suits me?
Different application scenarios require different audio types. For more information, see [Sound Quality Selection](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/607/18522).

### When should I call the Poll function?
Call the Poll function periodically after initializing the SDK.

### As calling the poll function periodically is required for triggering events, can I start a new thread, wake it up periodically and then call the Poll function?
Theoretically, all of our APIs need to be called in the same thread. If you choose to call them in a child thread, make sure to call them in the same child thread, especially for Init and Poll.


### How frequent should I call the poll function?
Call the poll function as described in Demo if there is no special requirement.

### Is there a limit on the number of voice chat rooms and members in GME?
There is no limits for chat rooms and members.

###  If an error code such as 10001 is returned when entering the room? How do I troubleshoot?
Follow the steps below for troubleshooting:
1. View and confirm the validity of the parameters in the API for room entering, such as Appid, UIN and AuthBuffer (see the documentation).
2. Check whether the relevant parameters in the console match the local ones.
3. Go to Console and check whether your account is in arrears.
4. Check whether the network environment of the developer's testing devices is a private network or a public network.


### Why is HTTP Invalid ID returned when I enter a room?
If your account ID starts from 0, it is recommended to add 10000 to your account ID. For example, if your account ID is 999, the number entered is 10999.

### What if a network error is returned when I enter a room?
Follow the steps below for troubleshooting:
1. View and confirm the validity of the parameters in the API for room entering, such as Appid, UIN and AuthBuffer (see the documentation).
2. If they are valid, check whether the network environment of the developer's testing devices is a private network or a public network..
3. If it is a private network, ask the developer to check whether the following URL can be connected to: openmsf.3g.qq.com:15000.
4. If yes, check whether the following URL can be connected to: cloud.tim.qq.com:15000.


### Is there an API for reclaiming room ID?
No. After the last member exits the room, the room is terminated automatically.

### Is there a requirement for the value of room ID?
Room ID is up to 127 characters (for voice message, enter "null").

### How do I call the API if I enter a room immediately after exiting it?
If a user enters the room immediately after exiting a room in the application, the developer does not have to wait for the RoomExitComplete notification as a callback of ExitRoom in the API call process, but just calls the API directly.

### Is there a requirement for the value of openid?
Only a 64-bit unsigned integer is allowed for openid. Convert it to a string before passing it to SDK.


### Can I enter multiple rooms at the same time using a single openid?
No. You can only enter one room using one openID at a time.

### Are the operations for entering and exiting the room async? Can these two APIs be called at the same time?
You need to call exitroom first, and then call enterroom after receiving a callback indicating exitroom operation is successful.


### When is the member status synced? Will a user receive a notification when entering the room for the first time?
Notifications for audio events are triggered when reaching a preset threshold. The notification that "A member sends an audio packet" is sent when this threshold reached. If a room member does not speak for two seconds, the notification "A member stops sending audio packets" will be sent. There is a notification when a user enters the room for the first time.



### Can the microphone volume be set before a user enters a room?
No. The voice chat-related API ITMGAudioCtrl ITMGAudioEffectCtrl can be called only when the user is in the room.


### How do I get and release the microphone permission?
You can get the microphone permission after calling the function EnterRoom successfully, and other programs cannot capture audio data from the microphone during your use of microphone.
Calling EnableMic(false) does not release the microphone.
If it is required to release the microphone, call PauseAudio. After PauseAudio is called, the entire engine will be paused, and ResumeAudio can be called to resume the engine service.


### Is there an API to obtain the microphone status before the function EnableMic is called?
The API getMicCount can be used to check whether the microphone is available.


### What should I do if I don't want the viewers listening to the chat between players to join the chat?
The developer can implement a feature on client that prevents other viewers from enabling the microphone.

### What should I do if the sound comes out of the receiver instead of the speaker after the microphone is enabled on Android?
Grant the "<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS" />" permission to GME.

### How can the developer determine whether there is music played in the background?
Use the API IsAccompanyPlayEnd().


### When using the SDK, what if music cannot be played and the sound card of the computer cannot be used in the simulator?
The simulator does not support mp3.

### Does the SDK support playing sound from receiver?
The voice chat service does not support receiver.

### What formats of local audio files does the SDK support?
m4a, wav, and mp3.


### How can GME Voice Chat's range voice mode be accessed? Does range voice have distance attenuation?
For more information on how to access range voice, see the [Range Voice](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/607/17972) document. After the range voice is enabled, there is no distance attenuation in the same team, but the global voice will attenuate as the distance increases. For the attenuation coefficients, see the documentation.


### What are the requirements for the microphone and speaker used by the player in order to achieve 3D sound effect?
Dual-channel output devices are required to realize 3D sound effect.


### How do I access 3D sound effect of GME Voice Chat?
For more information on how to access Voice Chat's 3D sound effect, see [3D Sound Effect](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/607/18218).


### What do I do if there is no Authbuffer file in the downloaded SDK documentation and Demo?
The Authbuffer file has been incorporated into another file. Please search for it globally in the SDK.


### Is the lib file available for TEA encryption?
[Authbuffer compiled document and zip package](https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/607/30281) are provided.


### When does the error ITMG_MAIN_EVENT_TYPE_ROOM_DISCONNECT occur after disconnection of the network.
This occurs if no heartbeat packet is received within 30 seconds after the network is disconnected completely.

### Will the blacklist in a room remain valid after I exit the room?
No.

### Are files generated when the voice changing effect is enabled?
The voice changing effect is real-time. No files will be generated and sent.

### What languages does GME's voice messaging and speech-to-text service support?
At present, the voice messaging and speech-to-text service activated in the Tencent Cloud Console supports over 120 languages including Simplified Chinese, English, Traditional Chinese, Japanese and Korean.


### Can GME's voice messaging and speech-to-text service be used together with Voice Chat?
Yes, they can be switched by calling the relevant APIs.


### After the API for voice file uploading is called successfully, the fileid in the return value is a URL. How to use it?
Call the API for file downloading and use this URL to download the file.


### Can offline voice files be downloaded?
After a file is uploaded, a URL will be returned which can be used to download the voice file.

### How long is the validity of an offline voice file?
Offline voice files are stored on the server for one week.

### Is there a time limit for offline voice recording?
The time limit ranges from 1 to 60 seconds.

### The error QAVPTTERROR_UPLOAD_APPINFO_UNSET 8200 appears when using Offline Voice, and the prompt is that there is no appInfo configured. How to fix this error?
This error is due to incorrect initialization of Offline Voice, and it is recommended to check whether the appid and openid entered during initialization and authentication are correct.
